This work creation of backend for a site to recorde the performance of fluorography, X-rays, ultrasound, tomography images - tomograms

Consists of 2 parts backend and data base

The following elements are present in the system Element Description Patient The person who sought medical help. Attributes: name, surname, identification number (SSN) Doctor Also human :). Conducts reception of patients. Attributes: name, surname, identification number, name of the clinic (clinic ID in the database) Technician Performs certain tests (X-ray, ultrasound). Laboratory Premises where a certain analysis is performed (X-ray, ultrasound). Attributes: office number, type of research. From 1 to 3 technicians can work in one laboratory. Type of analysis Type of analysis performed in the laboratory and available in the system: X-ray, fluorography, ultrasound, tomograms Analysis (experiment) Analysis to which the patient is referred by a doctor. Attributes: type of analysis, condition (created, performed by a technician, reviewed by a physician, its author (physician), patient for whom the analysis is to be performed. It can contain from 1 to 10 laboratories.

Product Functions The doctor enters patient information into the system. When trying to enter a patient with an existing ID in the system, the doctor sees an error on the screen. The doctor creates a new analysis, indicating the type of analysis, the patient and the laboratory. The technician changes the status of the analysis to "performed by a technician". The system allows you to add a new laboratory. When adding a laboratory, you should specify the clinic, laboratory number, type of tests that can be performed in it and specify the technicians working in this laboratory
